**Effect size of interest**: The correlation between attitudes and behaviors toward racial outgroups

**Screening criteria**: Any study that measured both (a) attitudes and (b) behaviors toward a racial outgroup.

**What are “racial attitudes”?** Explicitly expressed feelings, thoughts, or behavioral intentions toward a racial outgroup, a member of a racial outgroup, or issues relating to a racial outgroup.
-	Not including prejudice against one’s own group (e.g., Black’s attitudes towards Blacks)
-	Because we are interested in suppression of prejudice over time, we are NOT including implicit measures, as they are not as easily suppressed or controlled as explicit measures; these measures are also solely from the mid-90s to now, which severely limits a linear trend we can see and also then correlates perfectly with date of publication, which means any effects of time we find could be attributed to using implicit measures.
-	Ideologies (conservatism, multicultural, colorblind) are not included
-	Racial identification (i.e., identification as a White person) is not included
-	Acknowledgments of White privilege are not included, since the focus is more on the ingroup and it has different consequences than focusing on the outgroup
-	Perceived norms are not included, as they are more about the subject’s perception of the social environment (and could be influenced by the social environment) than about their own feelings. Perceived norms are not necessarily attitudes toward the target group
-	Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation to suppress prejudice (IMS/EMS) and other motivations to control racism are not included, since again the target is the individual participants themselves and not the outgroup
-	Attitudes that serve as manipulation checks are not included, as they are more influenced by the experimental manipulation than the internal justification-suppression processes in one’s psychology

**What is “interracial behavior”?** Any action toward a racial outgroup member or racial outgroup that is (a) readily observable from the target or a third party or (b) from the participant’s perspective, has consequences either for the participant or for the target of the behavior (see Talaska, Chaiken, & Fiske, 2008).
-	Not including behavior against one’s own group (e.g., Black’s discrimination against Blacks)
-	Anything that is inconsequential is not included. Key phrases in the manuscript that signaled that the participant knew the behavior was not consequential were: mock, fantasy, to imagine, fictitious, as if, hypothetical, etc. 
-	If authors included none of these key words that gave it away as inconsequential AND they didn’t describe the cover story for convincing participants that it was consequential, we erred on the side of deciding that the behavior was not consequential—we reasoned that if participants were given a cover story to make them feel as if, for example, their judgments of a job applicant or hiring decision actually affected someone’s changes of getting a job, then the authors would include that information in the manuscript. If it was absent, we assumed it was inconsequential.
-	Readily observable behaviors include perceptions in interracial interactions, including subtle nonverbal behaviors (such as facial expressions, length of interactions, others’ perception of the quality of the interaction, etc.) as well as seating distance, helping behaviors, etc.
-	Not including voting behavior, as it is often too clouded by other relevant factors, such as political party
-	We are including behaviors that are commitments to future action. If a participant is asked if they are interested in going to a civil rights march, this does not count. BUT if a participant does some form of commitment such that someone could hold them accountable in the future (e.g., volunteering contact information), we are including this as consequential behavior.
-	We also include participants reporting their own past behaviors (such as interracial contact), given that they are measured at the same time as the attitude. Many studies look at the causal link between contact and prejudice. We do not want this type of research. We are only interested, as well, in voluntary contact. So if the measurement tool asked if participants invited Black people into their home, they spent leisure time with Black people, etc., then we included past reported contact. But contact was not included if it was likely involuntary—such as contact at work, school, or in housing (behaviors which are not as easy to control voluntarily). If in doubt, do not include it. We only want explicitly voluntary contact. If the scale is rather general, do not include it (as most contact is probably due to external factors). We also included only quantity of contact, not quality of contact, as quality is not a behavior per se, but the participant’s subjective assessment of it. Assessments of the participant’s behavior is included if it was from the target or a third party (such as in interracial interactions), but this assessment of the participant’s own behavior was not included.

**Other inclusion criteria:**
-	The target of the racial attitudes must be the same target as the interracial behavior (e.g., we do not include how prejudice against Blacks correlates with prejudice against Hispanics; we also are not including measures of generalized prejudice—prejudice against multiple groups all averaged together—with behavior towards a specific racial group).
-	Groups that are not “races” per se, such as Muslims or people from a different country (“Cubans,” “Turks”) were included if they likely signaled a racial or ethnic difference to participants. For example, Muslims likely communicate Arab to White, Western participants. And Turkish people are considered a different ethnic group than Germans, whereas Dutch people are not from Germans.
-	Only include studies where the measurement is done at the individual level (not the neighborhood or state or group level, for example)
-	Attitudes and behavior should be measured at the same time point (they can be within the same semester, but not years apart), so that the expression of attitudes and behavior are at the same time point. Longitudinal studies should examine correlations at the same time.
-	Only include participants 18+ because (a) children unlikely understand the suppressive and justification forces, and (b) all of these are self-reported behavior, which are often related to parental attitudes (e.g., Ata, Bastian, & Lusher, 2009)
